Indulge in a luxurious lifestyle without breaking the bank with this stunning convertible three-bedroom apartment in the historic South Street Seaport neighborhood. Knee-to-ceiling windows in every room allow natural light to flood in, while insulating against noise and extreme weather conditions, creating a sense of peace and serenity. Hardwood oak flooring complements the natural light and the earth-toned cabinetry in the kitchen, which features stainless steel appliances, including a dishwasher and microwave, as well as white onyx countertops for culinary exploration. Both bathrooms are adorned with exquisite Italian marble and boast rain droplet shower heads, deep soaking tubs, and illuminated vanities.

The cherry on top is the breathtaking city, waterfront, Brooklyn and Williamsburg Bridge views from the roof deck of this modern skyscraper. The streamlined architecture was inspired by an International Style of design and skillfully utilizes its geography to enhance lighting throughout the building. With a 24-hour doorman, laundry facilities, fitness center, game room, and media room at your disposal, there's no need to venture far for entertainment. Best of all, there are no additional amenity fees.

Immerse yourself in the area's rich maritime history, as you stroll through the narrow, winding streets with restored early-19th-century buildings that aesthetically harmonize with modern luxury apartment buildings. The waterfront and pier offer stunning views of the Brooklyn Bridge, and the South Street Seaport is a hub of retailers and popular restaurants. Meanwhile, the north of the neighborhood features more diverse eateries and stores for a manifold living experience. Located at the epicenter of all boroughs, the transportation in the area invites you to explore NYC effortlessly via the 1,2,3,4,5,A,C,J,Z,R,W trains. Parks and museums are abundant, allowing for enticing and unique ventures into both the natural and the abstract. Countless bars and award-winning restaurants/lounges contribute to the area's vibrant nightlife.

This apartment is a true gem, offering high-end finishes, stunning views, and a prime location, all at an affordable price.

