Indulge in the luxurious comforts of a newly renovated convertible King Size bedroom, boasting an abundance of natural light streaming through its oversized windows. The pass-thru kitchen studio is equipped with sleek stainless steel appliances, opulent granite countertops and refined wood cabinets. The elegant and sophisticated hardwood floors have been meticulously refurbished to their original pristine condition, offering a warm and inviting atmosphere. Enjoy the refreshing exposure to the south, illuminating the space with natural light, complementing the simple yet classic marble bathroom with neutral tones and enhanced vanity lighting.

This exceptional residential building has been expertly converted from a magnificent 25-story Art Deco office building, perfectly blending traditional architectural details with an array of modern lifestyle amenities. Revel in the convenience of a 24-hour attended lobby, on-site parking garage, state-of-the-art fitness center and a breathtaking furnished sundeck.

Located in a well-preserved historic area, this unparalleled neighborhood is steeped in New York's extensive and affluent maritime history. The narrow, winding streets are reminiscent of an unforgettable expedition through time, offering a plethora of restored early-19th-century buildings that aesthetically resonate with modern luxury apartment buildings.

Residents and tourists alike flock to the waterfront and pier to immerse themselves in the captivating and rejuvenating views of the Brooklyn Bridge. The vibrant South Street Seaport is replete with retailers and popular restaurants, while the north of the neighborhood offers a diverse range of eateries and stores for a manifold living experience. With the epicenter of all boroughs at your doorstep, transportation is effortless via A,C,E,1,2,3,4,5,J,Z,R,W train lines. The abundance of parks and museums beckon enticing and unique ventures into both the natural and the abstract. The area's nightlife is unparalleled, with numerous bars and award-winning restaurants and lounges adding to the vibrant atmosphere.

