Prepare to be swept off your feet by this breathtaking, recently renovated oversized convertible THREE bedroom apartment - a true gem that is simply INCREDIBLE FOR SHARES! As you enter, you'll be greeted by soaring high ceilings that open up the space and invite an abundance of natural light from the knee-ceiling sound insulating windows. You'll be captivated by the open views of the water and sunsets, as this unit faces directly west. The apartment is also exquisitely well-illuminated, adding to its allure. Beautiful Oak hardwood flooring, MASSIVE closets, and controlled temperature all contribute to ease and tranquility.

The kitchen is a masterpiece, boasting stunning granite countertops that warmly blend with the neutral cabinetry. It is fully equipped with state-of-the-art stainless steel appliances, providing everything you need to create culinary masterpieces.

The bathroom is a true oasis that will transport you to a spa-like experience, featuring an over-sized illuminated vanity, deep soaking tub, and rain droplet shower head. Ample space for toiletries ensures that everything you need is always within reach!

Luxury abounds in this apartment, redefining full-service living. Our courteous staff is available to serve you 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, while a host of on-premise amenities offer an unmatched level of comfort and convenience. Step into the magnificent Venetian-style lobby, enjoy the large outdoor plaza, and take advantage of the private laundry facilities on every floor. Storage facilities and a full-stack fitness center are also available to cater to all your needs.

Conveniently located across from the historic Battery Park and New York Harbor, and just a short walk away from a myriad of subway and bus lines including the 4,5,1,Q,R,A,C,J and,Z trains, this apartment is ideally situated. Surrounded by countless world-famous shopping, dining, and entertainment destinations, you'll be living in the lap of luxury in the heart of one of the world's most vibrant cities.

