Welcome to your new luxurious home, where opulent open spaces and breathtaking views come together to create the ultimate living experience. For a limited time, enjoy a bridge connecting luxury and affordability, and take your lifestyle to the next level. Newly renovated flooring and appliances provide the perfect backdrop to the stunning southern views that flood your home with natural light.

Your open kitchen is a chef's dream, seamlessly blending with the spacious living area. The spa-like bathroom is adorned with Italian marble and a custom vanity mirror, offering the perfect escape from the hustle and bustle of city life.

Experience the pinnacle of hotel-inspired living with a 24/7 doorman, valet, concierge, wash and fold, and a guests-only speakeasy bar. Indulge in boundless amenities, including a two-story private fitness center with Peloton bikes, a sky lounge adjacent to the rooftop, BBQ grills, alfresco dining areas, children's playroom, resident lounge, work-from-home lounges, poker room, and golf simulator. Additional facilities include laundry, storage space, and a bike room.

Nestled in a well-preserved historic area tied to New York's extensive and affluent maritime history, the unparalleled neighborhood boasts some of the oldest architecture found in Downtown Manhattan. Take a stroll down narrow winding streets that lead you on an unimaginable expedition through history, with numerous restored early-19th-century buildings that aesthetically resonate with modern luxury apartment buildings.

Relax and take in the stunning views of the Brooklyn Bridge from the waterfront and pier, where you'll find popular retailers and restaurants. To the north, discover more diverse eateries and stores for a manifold living experience. With transportation in the area, you can explore NYC effortlessly via the A,C,E,1,2,3,4,5,J,Z,R,W trains, all within walking distance. Plentiful parks and museums offer enticing and unique ventures into both the natural and the abstract, while numerous bars and award-winning restaurants/lounges contribute to the area's vibrant nightlife. And the best part? No fee!

